*uganda.txt*    For Vim version 5.8.  Last change: 2001 May 12


		  VIM REFERENCE MANUAL    by Bram Moolenaar


					*uganda* *Uganda* *copying* *copyright*
SUMMARY
Vim is Charityware.  You can use and copy it as much as you like, but you are
encouraged to make a donation to orphans in Uganda.  See |iccf| below.

DETAILS
There are no restrictions on distributing an unmodified copy of Vim.  Parts of
Vim may also be distributed, but this text must always be included.  You are
allowed to include executables that you made from the unmodified Vim sources,
your own usage examples and Vim scripts.

If you distribute a modified version of Vim, you are encouraged to send the
maintainer a copy, including the source code.  Or make it available to the
maintainer through ftp; let him know where it can be found.  If the number of
changes is small (e.g., a modified Makefile) e-mailing the diffs will do.
When the maintainer asks for it (in any way) you must make your changes,
including source code, available to him.

The maintainer reserves the right to include any changes in the official
version of Vim.  This is negotiable.  You are not allowed to distribute a
modified version of Vim when you are not willing to make the source code
available to the maintainer.

The current maintainer is Bram Moolenaar <Bram@vim.org>.  If this changes, it
will be announced in appropriate places (most likely www.vim.org and
comp.editors).  When it is completely impossible to contact the maintainer,
the obligation to send him modified source code ceases.

It is not allowed to remove these restrictions from the distribution of the
Vim sources or parts of it.  These restrictions may also be used for previous
Vim releases instead of the text that was included with it.

							*iccf*
If you are happy with Vim, please express that by reading the rest of this
file.  You can also have a look at http://www.vim.org/iccf/ .

							*kcc*
Kibaale Children's Centre (KCC) is located in Kibaale, a small town in the
south of Uganda, near Tanzania, in East Africa.  The area is known as Rakai
District.  The population is mostly farmers.  Although people are poor, there
is enough food.  But this district is suffering from AIDS more than any other
part of the world.  Some say that it started there.  Estimations are that 10
to 30% of the Ugandans are infected with HIV.  Because parents die, there are
many orphans.  In this district about 60.000 children have lost one or both
parents, out of a population of 350.000.  And this is still continuing.

The children need a lot of help.  The KCC is working hard to provide the needy
with food, medical care and education.  Food and medical care to keep them
healthy now, and education so that they can take care of themselves in the
future.  KCC works on a Christian base, but help is given to children of any
religion.

The key to solving the problems in this area is education.  This has been
neglected in the past years with president Idi Amin and the following civil
wars.  Now that the government is stable again, the children and parents have
to learn how to take care of themselves and how to avoid infections.  There is
also help for people who are ill and hungry, but the primary goal is to
prevent people from getting ill and to teach them how to grow healthy food.

Most of the orphans are living in an extended family.  An uncle or older
sister is taking care of them.  Because these families are big and the income
(if any) is low, a child is lucky if it gets healthy food.  Clothes, medical
care and schooling is beyond its reach.  To help these needy children, a
sponsorship program was put into place.  A child can be financially adopted.
For a few dollars a month KCC sees to it that the child gets indispensable
items, is healthy, goes to school and KCC takes care of anything else that
needs to be done for the child and the family that supports it.

Besides helping the child directly, the environment where the child grows up
needs to be improved.  KCC helps schools to improve their teaching methods.
There is a demonstration school at the centre and teacher trainings are given.
Health workers are being trained, hygiene education is carried out and
households are stimulated to build a proper latrine.  I helped setting up a
production site for cement slabs.  These are used to build a good latrine.
They are sold below cost price.

There is a small clinic at the project, which provides children and their
family with medical help.  When needed, transport to a hospital is offered.
Immunization programs are carried out and help is provided when an epidemic is
breaking out (measles and cholera have been a problem).

Summer 1994 to summer 1995 I spent a whole year at the centre, working as a
volunteer.  I have helped to expand the centre and worked in the area of water
and sanitation.  I learned that the help that the KCC provides really helps.
Now that I'm back in Holland, I would like to continue supporting KCC.  To do
this I'm raising funds and organizing the sponsorship program.  Please
consider one of these possibilities:

1.  Sponsor a child: $15 a month.  (Holland: fl 27,50)
2.  Sponsor a child and the improvement of its environment: $25 a month
    (Holland: fl 45)
3.  Sponsor the health team: Any amount a month or quarter
4.  A one-time donation

Compared with other organizations that do child sponsorship the amounts are
very low.  This is because the money goes directly to the centre.  Less than
5% is used for administration.  This is possible because this is a small
organization that works with volunteers.  If you would like to sponsor a
child, you should have the intention to do this for at least one year.

How do you know that the money will be spent right?  First of all you have my
personal guarantee as the author of Vim.  I trust the people that are working
at the centre, I know them personally.  Further more, the centre is
co-sponsored and inspected by World Vision, Save the Children Fund and
International Child Care Fund.  The centre is visited at least once a year to
check the progress (at our own cost).  I have visited the centre myself in
1996, 1998 and 2000.

If you have any further questions, send me e-mail: <Bram@vim.org>.

The address of the centre is:
			Kibaale Childrens Centre
			p.o. box 1658
			Masaka, Uganda, East Africa

Sending money:

USA and Canada: Contact Kibaale Children's Fund (KCF) in Surrey, Canada.  They
		take care of the Canadian sponsors for the children in
		Kibaale.  You can send them a one time donation directly.
		Please send me a note so that know what has been donated
		because of Vim.  Ask KCF for information about sponsorship.
			Kibaale Children's Fund c/o Pacific Academy
			10238-168 Street
			Surrey, B.C. V4N 1Z4
			Canada
			Phone: 604-581-5353

Holland:	Transfer to the account of "Stichting ICCF Holland" in Venlo.
		This will allow for tax deduction (if you live in Holland)!
			Postbank, nr. 4548774

World:		Use a postal money order.  That should be possible from any
		country, mostly from the post office.  Use this name (which is
		in my passport): "Abraham Moolenaar".  Use Euro for the
		currency if possible.

Europe:		To avoid banking costs the best thing is to send me a
		Eurocheque, written out to "Bram Moolenaar" in Dutch Guilders
		(DFL).  Send it to the address below.
		NOTE: Eurocheques cannot be used after December 2001.
		Any other method should work.  Ask for information about
		sponsorship.

Credit Card:	You can use PayPal to send money with a Credit card.  This is
		the most widely used Internet based payment system.  It's
		really simple to use.  Use this link to find more info:
			https://www.paypal.com/affil/pal=Bram%40moolenaar.net
		The e-mail address for sending the money to is:
			Bram@iccf-holland.org
		Unfortunately, the extra cost is a bit high.  The other
		methods are preferred.

Others:		Transfer to one of these accounts if possible:
		    Postbank, account 4548774
		    		Swift code: INGB NL 2A
		    		IBAN: NL47 PSTB 0004 5487 74
			under the name "stichting ICCF Holland", Venlo
		    If that doesn't work:
		    Rabobank Venlo, account 3765.05.117
		    		Swift code: RABO NL 2U
			under the name "Bram Moolenaar", Venlo
		Otherwise, send a cheque in US dollars to the above address.
		Minimal amount: $70 (my bank does not accept smaller amounts
		for foreign cheques, sorry)

Address to send cheques to:
			stichting ICCF Holland
			Bram Moolenaar
			Clematisstraat 30
			5925 BE  Venlo
			The Netherlands

 vim:ts=8:sw=8:tw=78:
